And let's go ahead and let's actually we can copy in the same code more here like this.
Right.
We had in our isotope file right because this is not going to change.
We're still using a filter bottom group we're using to grow.
So what I'm going to do here.
We're going to copy and paste the script whatever we actually copy and pasted on here from the Web site.
We're going to go back to indexation the amount.
And we're going to see.
And so now we have script GNAS and now this is going to be our rights.
So what I'm going to say we're here and this is going to be script here press tab No.
Here we're going to say that this is going to be isotope.
So this is going to be source and we're going to say we're here this is going to be isotope.
Right.
So let's say Yes here's what I would want to do is we're going to create a new file.
I say I so jealous know here we're going to do the same thing we're going to have any dollar sign document
document and we're here and we're going to say that we would want a document ready.
Right.
And that's going to be the function function and Hanuman's function.
Oh curly braces and we're here now what.
When the document is actually ready what we would want to do right here I'm going to copy and paste
the code and on here this we need to change the grid.
We need to change here to here in this container.
Picture containers like this.
So I'm going to say so here.
Picture a container come here or here.
And then this one is going to stay the same.
It's a filter group.
And again depending on the value would want to filter it.
So I'm going to save this one over here we can close the house set up and go back or read in exchange
you know.
All right.
Make sure that we have the actual source is working right.
So maybe let's go back over here and we're going to say this is going to be a comment right.
So yes we're hearing this.
So I would say this.
And over here once we are going to go back to the actual page right recording and refresh and I can
see what we have.
Right now our isotope is working.
And you can see how it's actually adjusting to the screen size.
Or like this.
And once we go back or here if we want the city we get the city we want the country to country for what
water we get the water the more we get them back.
Now there's one more thing that I to talk about with the ISO.
Right.
You're dealing with an images right.
And what's happening with an image.
I mean maybe we're going to be using filtering for something else.
But in most cases you're going to be using these for images and images take a long time to download.
All right.
In some cases and what you don't want is actually images loading one by one.
I can tell you one Actually I said start working only when the images have been downloaded completely.
And if we go back to I set up and actually have a way of fixing it.
So I'm there to lay out like this.
If we scroll down right we have images loaded.
Right.
And first of all that's what they're saying.
First you would need to have this kind of code right.
And then you wouldn't need to download another CD and so I'm going to go back over here and once again
to say that this is what we would want right.
So I'm going to select this guy like this and we're just going to say copy and we're going to go back
over here to our file.
We're going to go to ISO right over here.
We will need to find where this is ending.
All right.
So this is going to be a still this one for the filter button group where we're going to go underneath
here.
All right and see images loaded here.
Just copy and paste this one right.
So this is going to be another code right.
It's still working with a grid.
It's going to be still same very.
Right.
We're just making sure that everything works right.
Just when images are loaded I'm going to say this one over here.
And then what you need to do is we're going to go back and we're going to go back and we're going to
see where these images loaded which is loaded with I'm going to click it over here.
And again you can see really have a seat here.
Right.
So again we can have a modified right.
So I was going to say we're here and this is what you should always do if you want to work with ISO
in your projects right.
Right before the actual isotope when want copy and paste the CD-ROM.
Right and I'm going to give it a comment of images loaded right here.
All right.
We're going to copy and paste this one or your right hand over here.
Now this is a fast connection right.
So obviously we're not going to see this right now but in general this is what you should always do
if somebody who is visiting your site.
Right.
If he has a slow connection then the isotope is actually going to start working.
Only when the images are loaded right then you can still see that everything works.
And like I was saying in the beginning right if you want to explore the actual isotope right you are
more of them more than welcomed over there.
Right.
And you can go to I said don't print and or here you can see that everything starts from the from the
scratch.
Now again we went over things right.
Obviously we skipped some things right.
We were not going line by line and everything right.
But over there you can really go you know and explore everything right.
Starting from the install then after that we have an actual set up.
Right.
So here you can see that getting started and pretty much they're telling you right.
So you need isotope right for sure.
Then you need or hear these days like this then or here we would need a seat assess.
Right.
If you want to do it just right and then obviously they're asking you to initialize with Jake Querrey
or with javascript right.
But again this is a whole another tutorial right.
We just needed in our case right.
Just it for a page so our page stands out.